this is Texas mighty Colossus of the
southwest
a land of infinite variety and violent
contrasts the land where today's ranch
an can become tomorrow's
multimillionaire
but more than a state here is a state of
mind manners morals emotions of people
who are often as exhilarating
exasperated sigh ting as the land they
belong to out of this fabulous and
tempestuous panorama comes a story of
magnificent scope and great personal
charm a cavalcade that spans a quarter
century of stormy passions deep human
understanding and love always love
powerful unquestioning constant
I guess you're about the best looking
gal we've seen around here in a long
time I think pretty soon I think I've
seen down here but Thank You Jen that's
a very nice government and I'm going to
tell my husband I met with your approval
no I wouldn't do that well no I don't
matter it's boy me I'm gonna have more
money you ever thought of having why
that's wonderful yeah you sure do look
very nice Leslie you always did look
pretty it's pretty enough be
what thank you
hey hey Tess you BIC
- is no cook
big you should have shot that fellow a
long time ago nice too rich to kill
you